what is going on everybody my name is
James welcome to a special little video
I'm gonna have some packs going on in
the background for the first part of
this video but before we get into that
if you guys are looking to purchase and
fifa ultimate team coins check out fut
coin emporium they're cheap quick and
allowable their link will be in the
description down below so if you guys
tuned in to path to power yesterday you
will know that i was planning on giving
away some coins and I decided I wasn't
very descriptive over whether or not
those or how well I was pretty
descriptive hundred thousand coins what
you had to list the card for and I guess
I didn't describe how long you need it
to list it for some at the end of this
video you're going to see the first
three winners who managed to pick up
that 100,000 coins unfortunately that
was only on the xbox and I decided that
that wasn't fair so I'm gonna be doing
that for ps3 as well but because it is
the holiday season or ps3 ps4 market but
because that is the holiday see or it is
the holiday season I'm gonna need you to
list those cards for three days on the
ps3 and PS three four so 100,000 coin by
now for a remember 60 or lower rated
bronze god I couldn't pick any of you
guys that had 61 or higher so make sure
to check that out it's a little
intricacy but it's still indeed does
matter um I spent about 150 200 thousand
coins in the background for the packs
and I wanted you guys to be able to open
packs with those coins or whatever i
wish i could give all of you guys coins
but that's just that's like not not
feasible remotely at all but i wanted
some to get back a little bit to you
guys i also wanted to say thank you guys
for the support yesterday on the video
um so for tomorrow this is kind of a
quick little update video because I am I
like I said I'm down in Florida with
family and I've got like full schedules
of family stuff planned out which is
which is fun but it's it can be it can
be a bit hectic from time to time so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
actually give away another I think I'm
going to do five people to win a hundred
thousand so remember to list 100,000
coins and the
list them up for listen up for a couple
days minimum minimum will say 24 hours
when this video goes live so you're safe
as you're safe is listening them up for
three days so we'll do that and I'll
give away awesome more I'm gonna have a
vlog for you guys out tomorrow because
that is that is that is what i want to
do i want to say Merry Christmas and
well whatever else you guys might be
celebrating happy Holidays to you guys
as well it's a bit of a bit of fun I'm
gonna try to get some games play those
so i can release a path to power coming
up here it's just this schedule man it's
it's kind of crazy you have all these
things to do all these places to be so
that is what i am doing anyways guys
we're gonna come to a close in this
video very shortly i managed to get a
steaming pile of mediocrity absolutely
nothing in these packs even though it
path to power yesterday i managed to
pull Thiago Silva in my free pack and my
cell I'm gonna get myself a little pat
on the back for the luck there and the
happy days and smiles then sued for me
during that little live commentary the
next path to power will be back to the
normal the normal go around the normal
way of well just commentating over the
games as they as they have been played
so without further ado and so as not to
bore you guys and ramble on for far too
long i want to thank you guys sincerely
for watching remember to list those
cards up and if you guys were one of the
people that one this past time go ahead
and tweet me the picture on twitter so i
can i can tweet you guys out as well my
twitter is at air japes fifa i might be
trying to post some pictures on my
Instagram today so if that's something
that you're interested in its at air
jigs want to thank you guys for watching
my name is JP and I will catch you all
next time